KJV
King James Bible: Pure Cambridge Edition - Text courtesy of www.BibleProtector.com
Genesis 1:1	In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Genesis 1:2	And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness [was] upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.
Genesis 1:3	And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.
Genesis 1:4	And God saw the light, that [it was] good: and God divided the light from the darkness.
Genesis 1:5	And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.
Genesis 1:6	And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.
Genesis 1:7	And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which [were] under the firmament from the waters which [were] above the firmament: and it was so.
Genesis 1:8	And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day.
Genesis 1:9	And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry [land] appear: and it was so.
Isaiah 54:2	Enlarge the place of thy tent, and let them stretch forth the curtains of thine habitations: spare not, lengthen thy cords, and strengthen thy stakes;
Isaiah 54:3	For thou shalt break forth on the right hand and on the left; and thy seed shall inherit the Gentiles, and make the desolate cities to be inhabited.
Isaiah 54:4	Fear not; for thou shalt not be ashamed: neither be thou confounded; for thou shalt not be put to shame: for thou shalt forget the shame of thy youth, and shalt not remember the reproach of thy widowhood any more.
Isaiah 54:5	For thy Maker [is] thine husband; the LORD of hosts [is] his name; and thy Redeemer the Holy One of Israel; The God of the whole earth shall he be called.
Isaiah 54:6	For the LORD hath called thee as a woman forsaken and grieved in spirit, and a wife of youth, when thou wast refused, saith thy God.
Isaiah 54:7	For a small moment have I forsaken thee; but with great mercies will I gather thee.
Isaiah 54:8	In a little wrath I hid my face from thee for a moment; but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the LORD thy Redeemer.